Clarify HttpClient connection-pool disposal (#55318)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/networking/http/httpclient-guidelines.md

## Pooled connections

> The connection pool for an <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> is linked to the underlying <xref:System.Net.Http.SocketsHttpHandler>. Disposing an <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> disposes the pool only when the client owns and disposes the underlying handler. If a client uses a handler that it doesn't own, disposing the client doesn't affect the handler or its connections. <xref:System.Net.Http.IHttpClientFactory> creates clients with handlers that it manages, so it can reuse handlers and their connection pools. When a handler is eventually disposed, the next request to the same server requires a new connection. As a result, there's a performance penalty for unnecessary connection creation. Moreover, TCP ports aren't released immediately after connection closure. (For more information on that, see TCP `TIME-WAIT` in [RFC 9293](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9293.html#section-3.3.2).) If the rate of requests is high, the operating system limit of available ports might be exhausted. To avoid port exhaustion problems, [reuse](#recommended-use) <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> instances for as many HTTP requests as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection pool for an <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> is linked to the underlying <xref:System.Net.Http.SocketsHttpHandler>. Disposing an <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> disposes the pool only when the client owns and disposes the underlying handler. If a client uses a handler that it doesn't own, disposing the client doesn't affect the handler or its connections. <xref:System.Net.Http.IHttpClientFactory> creates clients with handlers that it manages, so it can reuse handlers and their connection pools. Sending another request to the same server using a different handler requires a new connection. As a result, there's a performance penalty for unnecessary connection creation. Moreover, TCP ports aren't released immediately after connection closure. (For more information on that, see TCP `TIME-WAIT` in [RFC 9293](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9293.html#section-3.3.2).) If the rate of requests is high, the operating system limit of available ports might be exhausted. To avoid port exhaustion problems, [reuse](#recommended-use) <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> instances for as many HTTP requests as possible.
```

Nit:
```diff
-If you later send a request to the same server, a new connection must be recreated.
+Sending another request to the same server using a different handler requires a new connection.
```
since you can't a handler anymore after you dispose it, new requests after that will throw
